w-12190419-syncRecordTerminatorProp-duke (#233)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-formats-flatfile.adoc

|`notTruncateDependingOnSubjectNotPresent`  |`Boolean`|`false`|Fills the entire group when the DEPENDING ON subject is not present.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.

> |`recordTerminator`  |`String`|`null`|Line break for a record separator. Valid values: `lf`, `cr`, `crlf`, `none`. This property is used as a separator only when there are multiple records. Values translate directly to character codes, and `none` leaves no termination on each record.

Author: ```suggestion
|`recordTerminator`  |`String`|`null`|Line break for a record separator. Valid values: `lf`, `cr`, `crlf`, `none`. DataWeave uses this property as a separator only when there are multiple records. Values translate directly to character codes, and `none` leaves no termination on each record.
```
